Focus doc around preprocessing classes (#18768)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/preprocessing.mdx

[[open-in-colab]]

Before you can train a model on a dataset, it needs to be preprocessed into the expected model input format. Whether your data is text, images, or audio, they need to be converted and assembled into batches of tensors. 🤗 Transformers provides a set of preprocessing classes to help prepare your data for the model. In this tutorial, you'll learn how to use:

* A [Tokenizer](./main_classes/tokenizer) to convert text into a sequence of tokens, create a numerical representation of the tokens, and then tensors.
* A [Feature extractor](./main_classes/feature_extractor) extracts sequential features from audio waveforms and images and converts them into tensors.

> * A [Processor](./main_classes/processor) combines a tokenizer and a feature extractor for multimodal inputs.

Reviewer: I'd put the accent on the task at each bullet to make clearer to the user that:
- text => Tokenizer
- vision, speech => FeatureExtractor
- multimodal => Processor

Reviewer: Also we could add a note/tip here that `AutoProcessor` will **always** work and pick the right class for the user.

> ## Tokenizer

Reviewer: I liked having the modalities as header. Not sure class names will speak to the user as much.

[[open-in-colab]]

Before you can train a model on a dataset, it needs to be preprocessed into the expected model input format. Whether your data is text, images, or audio, they need to be converted and assembled into batches of tensors. 🤗 Transformers provides a set of preprocessing classes to help prepare your data for the model. In this tutorial, you'll learn that for:

* Text, use a [Tokenizer](./main_classes/tokenizer) to convert text into a sequence of tokens, create a numerical representation of the tokens, and assemble them into tensors.
* Computer vision and speech, use a [Feature extractor](./main_classes/feature_extractor) to extract sequential features from audio waveforms and images and convert them into tensors.

> * Multimodal inputs, use a [Processor](./main_classes/processor) to combine a tokenizer and a feature extractor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Multimodal inputs, use a [Processor](./main_classes/processors) to combine a tokenizer and a feature extractor.
```
The page is named processors.

<Tip>

> Loading each preprocessing class as an `AutoClass` -  `AutoTokenizer`, `AutoFeatureExtractor`, and `AutoProcessor` - **always** works and automatically chooses the correct class for the model you're using.

Reviewer: This is not what I meant.
```suggestion
`AutoProcessor` **always** works and automatically chooses the correct class for the model you're using (be it a tokenizer, feature extractor or processor).
```

</tf>
</frameworkcontent>

> ## Feature extractor

Reviewer: I'd leave Audio and Vision as level 2 header (especially since feature extractor will soon not be the right class for vision).

>>> feature_extractor = AutoFeatureExtractor.from_pretrained("google/vit-base-patch16-224")
```

> For computer vision tasks, it is common to add some type of data augmentation to the images as a part of preprocessing. You can add augmentations with any library you'd like, but in this tutorial, you'll use torchvision's [`transforms`](https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/transforms.html) module.

Reviewer: Maybe link Niels' notebooks here to show how one can use alternatives?

>>> plt.imshow(img.permute(1, 2, 0))
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/preprocessed_image.png"/>
</div>

> ## Processor

Reviewer: Would leave Multimodal as the title.
